Hello and welcome to
survival magazine today is about the
three watt led from aldi so the lamp
costs ten euro while aldi has as already
mentioned 3 watts has about 100 lumens what
actually completely sufficient for
survival tours in the domestic
woods
However, I would not this lamp
take it if for example direction
Amazon it works because you need it
really waterproof higher quality
lamps
the flashlight is operated with two
Commercially available batteries you too
can buy at aldi
There are two at the flashlight
only shine on the one hand
this is the normal and a link
Mode if we now the brightness
100 lumens with the brightness of
fenix pd 32 compare the circa 350
lumen has then we already see
big difference
All in all, I would do this
flashlight just ten euros
costs recommend for as already said
Domestic tours, however, for
I would like a restorer
Take higher quality with you, for example
the pg 32
if you want to see a test then
please click here now
flashlight and if you like the video
liked it then gives the video yet
please subscribe thumbs up
our channel for further survival
videos and we also have a video
made to the different ones
flashlights in comparison if you then
then please click now
on the video
otherwise if you are interested
you with other survival girlfriend or
Author girlfriend then to deal with
can you very very much on
do our facebook page